[22788] Documentation thought doxygen and readthedocs && README (#10)
eProsima/FIWARE-DDS-Enabler: ddsenabler_docs/docs/02-formalia/titlepage.rst

low-latency, high-throughput data exchange, including human-robot interaction and OT/IT convergence under the ARISE
project.

.. raw:: html

    <br/>

Commercial support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Looking for commercial support? Write us at info@eprosima.com.

Find more about us at `eProsima's webpage <https://eprosima.com/>`_.

Overview
^^^^^^^^

*DDS Enabler* is one of the technical cornerstones in the ARISE project's vision for an all-in-one middleware
enabling **real-time industrial human-robot interaction**. Designed to unify **Operational Technologies (OT)** and
**Information Technologies (IT)**, it is a modular and open solution that integrates natively with **Fast DDS** and
**NGSI-LD**.

Key characteristics include:

- **Real-time publish-subscribe middleware**: Built on the DDS standard, enabling low-latency and reliable communication.
- **Seamless OT/IT integration**: Acts as a translator between DDS-based systems and NGSI-LD context brokers.
- **ROS 2 and FIWARE compatibility**: Enables industrial robots and context-aware applications to operate through the same infrastructure.

> - **Scalable and extensible architecture**: Fully compatible with modern I4.0 deployments, providing flexibility for growth and adaptation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Scalable and extensible architecture**: Fully compatible with modern Industry 5.0 deployments, providing flexibility for growth and adaptation.
```
